[docs] More API fixes (#3640)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/en/api/outputs.mdx

# BaseOutputs

> All models have outputs that are subclass instances of [`~utils.BaseOutput`]. Those are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All models have outputs that are subclasses of [`~utils.BaseOutput`]. Those are
```

outputs = pipeline()
```

The `outputs` object is a [`~pipelines.ImagePipelineOutput`] which means it has an image attribute.

You can access each attribute as you normally would or with a keyword lookup, and if that attribute is not returned by the model, you will get `None`:

```python
outputs.images
outputs["images"]
```

When considering the `outputs` object as a tuple, it only considers the attributes that don't have `None` values.
For instance, retrieving an image by indexing into it returns the tuple `(outputs.images)`:

```python
outputs[:1]
```

## BaseOutput

[[autodoc]] utils.BaseOutput
    - to_tuple

## ImagePipelineOutput

[[autodoc]] pipelines.ImagePipelineOutput

## AudioPipelineOutput

[[autodoc]] pipelines.AudioPipelineOutput

## ImageTextPipelineOutput

> [[autodoc]] ImageTextPipelineOutput

Reviewer 2: We plan to add ALL the output classes here, yeah?

Author: I was thinking we just add these output types and then leave the pipeline/model specific output classes (for example, `AltDiffusionPipelineOutput`) in their respective [pages](https://huggingface.co/docs/diffusers/main/en/api/pipelines/alt_diffusion). Maybe we can add a tip to check the individual pipeline/model pages for it?

Reviewer 2: I think that's better. We provide an example link with your comment. Let's incorporate this change and ship this 🚢
